vote yes then repeat the recipe
not that now I'm picking you up like
if it was a movie then I would have a kilo
a kilo of flour then 180 grams of oil
surgery tell her and then followed up
even at will is salt in water
warm
ok so then you take the flour yes
mix the flour with the seeds of
fennel and together trimmed to juve
yes ok so you put the oil in the
flour and fennel seeds and yes yes
She works a bit o the dough with your hands
because some moments the water in the oil
if they come and soft but we believe nigro
cadeveri melts and water the oil
perfect then once the oil
had mixed with the flour yes
crumbles the forbidden yeast of
and then finally beer will be added
enough water to make come
pasta these guys a little harder
compared to the focaccia made and then already
did the job and then let the
comparison
after that primacy of motaran he takes the
away is the oven as it must be hot
the oven at 5 and for how long
must cook is the end is the market
upside down but what will be twenty minutes
half an hour is obviously 25 minutes repeat
and do the day 20 minutes to watch
agree then we then leave for
let us see also agree